Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, whenever a user tries to type into this test fields, we're going to have this overflow error.
So in this lecture, we're going to sort this out.
But before then, we as well need to rename this email to password and this is going to be enter your
password.
Okay.
So over the last test field, we are going to change this to.
Password.
And there's going to be enter your password and we can reduce this to solitaire.
He could save.
Now what we want to do is we're going to need to get rid of this overflow area that to do this, we're
going to wrap our color widget with a widget known as single child scroll view.
So by doing this, it's going to make this page scrollable.
So I'm just going to get rid of this first.
Okay.
Now, over this column, we're going to need to use country dots and wrap with widgets.
Then we're going to wrap it with a widget.
Load a single child, then scroll.
Single child scroll view OC is controlled to save.
I think it's going to be at the top of that.
What we can do is we can force it to the middle.
So we tell this sorry over this single task view, we are going to need to highlight and use current
trends and we're going to wrap it with a center with that.
Okay.
Then it's going to go back to it.
So now you can see this page is now scrollable.
So it made me a user click on any of the fields.
It's going to take it to the top.
So by wrapping this with a single channel, scroll view is going to make this page scroll level or like
before or like before it was just stuck that at one spot.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.